me
true spokesman not to say and like the dc comics 5
batman chose the end of the summer holidays to return to the front of
the scene
after regaining all its acclaim in the cinema thanks
to adults afpa of the church man and especially sauna knight
now our masked vigilante is to conquer the hearts of the players
with the can so man the studio rocksteady makes possible this desire
At the same time, it crystallizes an old kid's dream of putting on the
Batman's cape in a high-flying game
enjoying complete freedom in the development of batman arkham
the developers have paid the luxury of an unpublished story
narrated j
I want this one to start with the muscled arrest of the joker by
a boosted batman to lopez or
let's hope at any cost the company up to its cell
batman quickly finds himself in the role of the pichichi hero as he goes
find stuck in prison barkat masih the man they stay the
more dangerous and odious of catane site here
because if the joker is the main opponent of this adventure
the demand is going to fray with others coming here
equally tough meals
every nation
Chereque
art
after
the war
show
with the map
baldwin air france
so that the player is completely immersed in this dark atmosphere
and Gothic
the rocksteady studio put the package side graphics by calling on the
Catalan engine nights away the Mauritanian troy
from the grain of the skin to the appearance of a garment by the way
by the guides of the face or the least scars
everything has been worked with special attention
part of the past the tycoon of the most beautiful games of the moment
the German does not realize
better still the atmosphere so that the art direction has never been
victim of bad taste
on the contrary even if we can blame a musculature a little too much
voluminous from our masked hero
but it took at least if a few sessions to inflate to justify the
batman force that has never distributed so many applicants all his
career
indeed every class to the establishment of what to fight its
designers have put together a simple combat system and the
shop
allowing players to chain combos and counters with a certain
class
who has to face three to the 15 thugs at the same time batman is
able to attack them simultaneously
try all possible fronts
easy access for novices the combat system finally some
challengers so that fans of combos a little more complex are not
not harmed by experience
in addition to his mastery of martial arts bodenmann has a whole
paraphernalia that allows him to cope with the many waves of enemies
it's a great goal that for example allows you to glide briefly into
the glasses
his batarang can knock out his enemies blow to break some
mechanisms and inaccessible
while the gun to handle exposure makes it possible to blow up
some types of walls
do not forget either the ultimate army grabber to hoist himself on the
roof of a building
and then we do not look at anyone
shit
adding that this whole range of diverse and diverse objects
the operation a gameplay varied enough not to tire the player
because if you go head-on on a group can not be an end in itself
the game offers us and imposes us sometimes it is approached so
finer more discreet
indeed chelsea in the image of a simple T-shirt gives a little walk on the
tiptoe chu
the small excesses of emissions moment from behind
moreover to better develop the railways of the special unit
using x-rays which allows him to bring out elements
important to spot enemies even through the walls
six other media took care to achieve the doubling of his young son
then and above all managed to find a fair balance giving free rein the
player in his progression choices and on time
we are delighted to go from the simple goal of mollo today to hide and seek
while allowing to play with clear objectives
however beside all its undeniable qualities we find
some weaknesses that prevent perfection
starting with a lack of obvious challenger
indeed
not only are the titles legion
but in addition the game vocation to constantly guide the player
fighting the same way
different bosses are never very hard to overcome at our most
great dismay
it's all the more true that the artificial intelligence of the enemies
but karzai initiates what will fill happiness of infiltration lovers in
further in this sense
we also notice that a certain linearity is gradually installed
in the adventurous
with game mechanics that tend to repeat themselves
that said this with a little fifteen hours of play to go after
ventured the
the life of batman arcana zidane is reasonable
anyway these flaws remain minor to truly mess up
the experience you really need to be experienced
when
here we are
to file a complaint against me the note joël cruchaud
seventeen songs
in the
she